Update flow model doc (#383)
netobserv/network-observability-console-plugin: web/docs/enums/FlowDirection.md

• **Ingress** = ``"0"``

Incoming traffic, from the node observation point

___

### Egress

• **Egress** = ``"1"``

Outgoing traffic, from the node observation point

___

### Inner

• **Inner** = ``"2"``

> Inner traffic, with same source and destination node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inner traffic, with source and destination traffic in the same node
```
I think singular `node` is what we want here for sure. Alternatively, maybe just this: 

Inner traffic, with the same source and destination node

• **Egress** = ``"1"``

Outgoing traffic, from node observation point

___

### Inner

• **Inner** = ``"2"``

> Inner traffic, ie. same source and destination node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inner traffic, which is the same as source and destination node
```

Reviewer: Can we avoid i.e.? I'm not sure if this is actually "the same as" but just a suggestion. Feel free to ammend however you can to avoid using i.e.

Author: here this isn't an example, but a clarification, so "such as" doesn't work, need to find something else
